Inside of your test folder is where you'll find
the JavaScript files that Truffle will run.
When you run the Truffle commands,
you'll notice that there are three different tests files.
One is for the ERC721Mintable token,
one is for the verifier that will be
generated from Zokrates and you'll just test to make sure that that works,
and then the third will be the combination of combining
the ERC721 token and the logic for Zokrates.
So we put these tests in-between
each step just to make sure that you're on the right path.
To start off, this will be the first test that you will actually run with Truffle.
This is the testing for your ERC721Mintable tokens.
You'll notice that a lot of scaffolding has been provided for you in this file.
In the following two Truffle tests coming after this 721Mintable,
there won't be any scaffolding for you but you can use
the scaffolding setup that you learned from reviewing this and
filling out this boilerplate code to go ahead and do
so in the remaining two Truffle tests.
As always, the sections that need to be filled out come with a
to-do with the instructions on how you need to go about it.
The individual way that you write your tests can be your own.
You just have to make sure that you accomplish the tasks
that are listed in the above commentary.
So should return total supply within this tests,
you should make sure that your contract can comply with this.
So it will have to return the total supply of your ERC721 token successfully.
You can go through each one of these steps and fill out a boilerplate code for it.
In fact, you can continue to write more and more tests because the more tests,
the better of an understanding that you of how to
built your code and the reassurance that it works.
So you shouldn't be limited to
just the amount of tests that we put in the boilerplate code for you,
you can go ahead and write as many tests as you feel necessary.
This section right here that says,
"should return token uri," this is information that is going to be
kept in the ERC721 token contract and this is where the metadata is being fetched from.
So this is an example of what it should return.
There is a base URI which would be
this section right here and then there's the token URI.
In that case, it is just the one.
So the token ID could be any number that the token is from zero to one billion per se.
The second test that you'll be doing is the TestSquareVerifier.
In this case, you'll just be defining the verifier contract that was generated.
It will be automatically generated by following the steps
provided to you in the classroom by
Zokrates and there are only two test cases that you're going to go through,
and one, you're going to make sure that you can verify
a correct proof and that you can verify an incorrect proof.
So there's only two test cases.
One is that the proof works,
the other is that the proof doesn't.
It's a pretty simple test.
The final test will be the combination of both the ERC721
token and the code that we mixed in with Zokrates.
So this will be testing that you can add a solution to the mapping.
This will also be testing that you can mince a token using the SolnSquareVerifier.
Remember, in this contract,
you'll only be able to mint a token if you
prove that it is actually verified using Zokrates.
So that's the trick with this test.
But again, very few cases as opposed to
the first test that we are going to with the ERC721Mintable tokens.
When running these tests,
it should look something like this.
You should be in the actual eth-contracts folder in your repo,
and you'll do Truffle test,
and the output should look something like this.
In this case, I'm using a repo where I already did
my NPM installation so that I could get all the node modules from open Zeppelin.
I also already filled out all the boilerplate contract code.
So this is how the tests will look in
an end game scenario once you've filled out all the boilerplate code.
Now naturally you won't have all of these tests written at the same time.
You'll start off most likely with one test at a time.
So for instance, this is the test ERC721Mintable.
If I wanted to, I could only Truffle test the individual tests that I want.
So you can do Truffle test and then you can just do straight
into the test folder and you can choose whichever test that you want to run individually.
So in this case, I'll choose the ERC721Mintable tests and I
could specifically run that while omitting the other two Truffle tests.
There you have it. You'll see that it only ran the test ERC721Mintable tests
and it omitted the previous two SquareVerifier and SolnSquareVerifier tests.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6